Update roadmap now we're three months in (#1526)
digital-asset/daml: docs/source/support/roadmap.rst

.. Copyright (c) 2019 Digital Asset (Switzerland) GmbH and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.
.. SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0

DAML SDK roadmap (as of June 2019)
==================================

This page specifies the major features we’re planning to add next to the DAML SDK. Plans and timelines are subject to change. If you need any of these features or want to request others, see the :doc:`/support/support` page for how to get in touch.

We plan to update this roadmap roughly every three months.

- **Generic templates**

>   Support for writing generic templates - for example, a generic ``Proposal`` template that could be a ``Proposal<Iou>``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Support for writing generic templates - for example, a generic ``Proposal`` workflow that could be instantiated as a ``Proposal Iou`` to propose an ``Iou``.
```

- **Tools to suggest improvements to DAML code**
..
..  `Read more on GitHub <https://github.com/digital-asset/TODO>`__.
- **Upgrading contracts**

  Improved support for the workflows of upgrading contracts that already exist on the ledger.
..
..  `Read more on GitHub <https://github.com/digital-asset/TODO>`__.
- **Tools for visualisation**

  Tools that allow users to visualise the static workflow and lifecycle of contracts.
..
..  `Read more on GitHub <https://github.com/digital-asset/TODO>`__.
- **Improve app portability between DAML ledgers**

  Add a DAML-on-X certification tool that tests that DAML ledgers implement all DAML functionality, and document a portable approach to DAML application testing.

  `Read more on GitHub <https://github.com/digital-asset/TODO>`__.
- **Ledger API authentication**

  Add Ledger API authentication for all DAML ledgers.

  `Read more on GitHub <https://github.com/digital-asset/TODO>`__.
- **JavaScript ecosystem**

  Improve the currently experimental Node.js bindings so they are stable, and add higher-level abstractions to capture recurring usage patterns.

  `Read more on GitHub <https://github.com/digital-asset/daml-js>`__.

> - **DAML-on-X self-service package: Beta release**

Reviewer 2: We might have misunderstood each other. Didn't know about the June scope for the roadmap. Our BETA release will be ready by mid August. Can you add a `BETA release by September` ?

Reviewer 2: @bethaitman : ignore. I've misunderstood the meaning of the date. Sorry for not reading it well.

Author: Yep - this is "last updated June 2019", no real delivery dates here!
